Luke Armstrong
Bachelor of Science majoring in Computer Science, Waikato University
	11 Sunbrae Grove, Mt Maunganui, Tauranga
New Zealand, 3116
(+64) 278500472
Ltarmstrong96@gmail.com
	ABOUT
A passionate, curious and enthusiastic individual who is always looking to dive into exciting challenges and new surroundings. I’m interested in full-stack development, backend development, mobile development, UX design, and web development. I’m currently in search of a long-term software development role in a company with a vibrant culture.
EXPERIENCE
Nyriad, Cambridge, NZ — Software Developer
NOV 2018 - PRESENT
I joined the company, fresh out of University, while they were beginning their transition from a start-up to a growth-stage company. I’ve had hands-on experience with a range of skills including agile methodology, full-stack development, DevOps and UX development in my multiple roles at Nyriad. I mostly used C++, Golang, and Python in this role.
Nyriad, Cambridge, NZ — Software Development Intern
AUG 2018 - NOV 2018
Interning at Nyriad I did rotations on IT, quality assurance and software development. I had to self teach myself C++, CUDA as well as self-manage my working hours and project delivery.
Domino’s, Mt Maunganui, NZ — Delivery Expert, Shift Runner
NOV 2013 - FEB 2015
While in high school I worked as a delivery driver for the fast-food pizza store Dominos. Within 9 months I was promoted to a weekend shift runner, giving me a fast-paced, teamwork driven work environment to grow in.  








EDUCATION
University of Waikato, Hamilton, NZ — BSc Majoring in Computer Science
FEB 2015 - NOV 2018
UNIVERSITY PROJECTS
API Orientated Website
Used a range of APIs to create an interactive Google Maps search function languages include JavaScript, PHP, CSS, AJAX, and SQL.
Olympic Themed Database
Built a database and program to provide users with a wide range of information about previous Olympic games. Languages included C# and SQL.
Computer Vision Application
Created an artificial intelligence program that detects the contents of a picture and compares it to other images to score how similar they are using Clojure, a general-purpose programming language
Interactive Business Website Prototype
Developed a simple interactive website prototype based on delivering cryptocurrency news to a targeted user.
Used a range of Human-Computer Interaction techniques with Proto.io to develop an instinctive, easy to use and fluid prototype
REFERENCES
Bernard Setz                                                         Dominic Azaris
Scrum Master, Nyriad                                              Product Owner, Nyriad
Mobile: +642 192 522                                               Mobile:  +61458388018
bernard.setz@gmail.com                                      dominic.azaris@outlook.com                                                                




Matthew A. Simmons


CEO, Nyriad
Mobile: +642 112 166 44
princeps@nyriad.com


	SKILLS
Storage, Git, Linux, CMake, Testing & Automation, CI/CD, Python, Computer Hardware, Bash, CUDA, Jenkins, MaaS, UX development methodologies
Agile methodologies, Scrum Master training, Prometheus, Grafana, Atlassian
LANGUAGES
C/C++, C#, Python, Bash, Golang, HTML/CSS, JS, PHP, SQL, Assembly, Unreal Engine, Clojure